Document dotnetup for internal previews (#55683)
dotnet/sdk: documentation/general/dotnetup/concepts/channels.md

---
title: dotnetup channels and versions
description: Learn how dotnetup resolves stable, preview, daily, numeric, and exact .NET version specifications.
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 08/07/2026
---

# dotnetup channels and versions

A channel describes a set of .NET versions. An exact version describes one

> version. `dotnetup` stores the text that you requested and resolves it for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version. `dotnetup` stores `channels` and resolves it for the
```
